Let's look at some of the security options for our EC2 instances in this demo.
So let's start off by going into the EC2 console and once there we'll
look at one of our instances for Wired Brain Coffee,
this is the test environment.
We can see one of the web servers is running,
so let's look at the properties of this web server and we can see that there is
an IP version 4 public IP address assigned automatically,
there isn't an IP version 6,
there is private DNS and there is a private IP address.
So we have a couple of options for networking that are assigned.
Now since we're also focusing on security,
we can see that there's a VPC and we can see that there's a subnet,
but what type are they?
So backup to Services and we'll head down to VPC and we've got
one VPC and it ends up being the default VPC.
Now if you've been following along with this class,
that's not the right one for production,
it might be the right one just to start out with,
but really we have to create a VPC for this customer based
on the security needs for this customer.
So if I look at the default VPC, what do I have?
I have a route table, let's go take a look at the route table,
and we can see that we're heading out to the internet gateway.
So this subnet has public access automatically because
that was selected during installation.
Now security groups, network ACLs,
we know we have a number of security groups in our library and
we can define the security group based on the security that we
want for attaching to this instance.
We also know that we can take advantage by using network ACLs
to provide additional stateless security.
Let's go in and take a look at the EC2 instance from the creation
standpoint and we'll start launching an instance.
And let's pick the first one, the Amazon Linux AMI,
and we can get some information about the instance.
You may remember we talked about CPUs, the different types,
Intel components, where are they when we're looking at ordering a system?
Well I have to go and select show/hide columns,
and this is where I can get tell me what the physical processor is,
tell me the clock speed, tell me the architecture,
show me the Intel features.
Now I've got some information.
I've got more reading material.
So if I pick the general purpose, t2 micro,
I know it's part of the Xeon family, I can see my clock speed,
I can see the memory, I can see the instance EBS.
So I get a little more information including the
different features of the Intel chip set.
So that's where you get that information from.
So let's go in and configure the instance details and
see what we can do for security.
Well the default VPC is selected, there isn't another option,
so I really need to create a new VPC and then I
would set my networking up properly.
The signing of the public IP address,
do I want to use the subnet settings of enabling?
Right now it's set to disable, I get to decide that because,
of course, there's public IP address.
We know with IAM roles I could add in an IAM role to
secure access from this instance to, in this case,
S3 access, for example.
So I have some options that are here.
Do I want to enable termination protection to
protect against accidental deletion?
I should do that as well.
I definitely want to monitor what's going on so I know when there's issues.
I certainly want to be monitoring this instance.
Let's scroll down and see what else we have as far as security decisions.
Another option is adding in the user data,
a script that will run once,
and in this script you can do your configuration of this instance,
it will be done exactly the same every single time.
Now when we take a look at storage, we have options of adding different volumes.
I also have some security of reliability because I'm using SSD drives.
Now one other security options is the tenancy, so let's go back.
Notice that we can see tenancy, do I want to run a shared hardware instance?
Do I want a dedicated instance?
Or a dedicated host?
I've got a couple of security options as to whether
I want to be multitenant or not.
And we're going to be taking a look at this concept
in some detail in this class, so we will cover this a bit later.
The last thing we'll take a look at, we'll look at reviewing and launching,
it gives us our information, there's no warnings that are here,
so let's click Launch and it will come up and say Mark,
one other thing, what's the key pair.
I had better choose an existing key pair that I have a copy of.
If I don't have a copy of these different key pairs
that have been used in the past, I better create a new key pair,
I better give it a name, say wired 2017,
we'll download that key pair and we'll save it,
and now when I launch this instance this is the key pair
that's going to be linked with this instance.
So there's a look at security options available and some of the decisions that you have to make when launching an instance at AWS.